
Page 1
1. Purpose of processing personal information (' https://github.com/MunokKim "or" github ") may be used for personal purposes We are processing the beam and do not use it for purposes other than the following purposes. - Confirmation of customer registration, service to customer Identification by providing, authentication, maintenance and management of membership, settlement of the amount due to the supply of goods or services, Delivery, etc. 2. Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information ① (' https://github.com/MunokKim 'Github') is an entity that has been consented to collect personal information from the information entity We hold personal information in accordance with the period of use or statute. We process and keep personal information within the period of use. ② Specific personal information processing and retention period are as follows. ☞ Please refer to the example below to find out about personal information processing Describe the period of retention, related laws, and grounds for the processing of the insurance. (Example) - Customer subscription and management: Service usage agreement or Until the termination of the membership, but only when the bond and the debt relationship remain, until the settlement of the relevant bonds and liabilities - contracts in electronic commerce Withdrawal, settlement, goods, etc. Supply record: 5 years 3. Matters concerning third party provision of personal information ① (' https://github.com/MunokKim " or " github ") is responsible for the protection of personal information We will only provide personal information to third parties if they fall under Articles 17 and 18 of the Act. ② (' https://github.com/MunokKim ') Provides personal information to third parties as follows: 1. <> Who will receive personal information: Purpose of using personal information of recipient: Period of use: 4. Commitment to personal information processing ① ('github') consigns the following personal information processing business for smooth personal information business processing. \One. <> - Consignee (fiduciary): - Content of the task entrusted: - Charging period: ② (' https://github.com/MunokKim 'Github') (B) prohibits the processing of personal information except for the purpose of carrying out the entrusted business pursuant to Article 25 of the Personal Information Protection Act; Protection measures, restrictions on re-entrustment, management and supervision of fiduciaries, and compensation for damages, etc. are specified in documents such as contracts, We supervise whether the person handles personal information safely. ③ If the contents of the consignment service or the consignee change, we will disclose it through this personal information processing policy without any delay. All.
Page 2
5. Rights and duties of information and legal representatives and methods of their use The user may exercise the following rights as a subject of personal information . ① Information subject is Munok Kim (' https://github.com/MunokKim or "github") at any time, You may exercise your right to protection of certification. 1. Personal information request 2. If there is an error, 3. Delete request 4. Process stop request 6. Creating an item of personal information to process ① (' https://github.com/MunokKim " or " github ") is processing the following personal information items: 1 <Time management> - Required items: Operation - Selection items: 7. Destruction of personal information ('github') is, in principle, if the purpose of processing personal information is achieved without delay, such personal information Destroy. The procedures, deadlines and methods of destruction are as follows. - Destruction procedure Information entered by the user is transferred to a separate DB after completion of the purpose (separate documents for paper) It will be destroyed after a certain period of time according to the relevant laws or immediately. At this time, the personal information transferred to DB is Nego is not used for other purposes. - Withdrawal period When personal information retention period has elapsed, user's personal information is deleted within 5 days from the end of holding period In the event that the personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the attainment of the processing purpose of the certification, the abolition of the relevant service, the termination of the business, We destroy the personal information within five days from the day when treatment is considered unnecessary. 8. Matters concerning installation, operation and rejection of automatic collection of personal information Munok Kim does not use "cookies" that store information about the subject of information and use it from time to time. 9. Writing Personal Information Protection Officer ① Munok Kim (' https://github.com/MunokKim 'Below' github) is responsible for the processing of personal information In order to deal with the complaints of the information subject related to the processing of personal information and to relieve the damage, . ▶ Person in Charge of Personal Information Name: Kim Moonok Position: Developer Position: Developer Contact: 01091885988, wer0222@icloud.co m , ※ It leads to the personal information protection department. ▶ Personal Information Protection Department Name of Department: Contact Person: Contact:,, ② Information Subject is Munok Kim (' https://github.com/ All inquiries regarding personal information protection, complaints, and complaints that occurred while using services (or business) of MunokKim 'below' github) You can contact the person in charge of personal information protection and the department in charge of matters related to relief. Munok Kim (' https: // gith ub.com/MunokKim "less" github) will respond to and process your inquiries without delay. 10. Change of personal information processing policy ① This personal information processing policy shall be applied from the effective date, and if there are additions, deletions and corrections of changes in accordance with laws and policies Will notify you through the notice from 7 days before the implementation of the change.
Page 3
11. Measures to Ensure the Security of Personal Information ('github'), pursuant to Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act, John has technological / managerial and physical measures. \One. Establishment and Implementation of Internal Management Plan We have established and implemented an internal management plan for the safe handling of personal information.